Flatten symbols documentation (#57)
dwavesystems/dwave-optimization: docs/reference/symbols.rst

Symbols are a model's decision variables, intermediate variables, constants, 
and mathematical operations.

See :ref:`Symbols <intro_optimization_symbols>` for an introduction to
working with symbols.

> .. currentmodule:: dwave.optimization.model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inherited Methods
============

.. currentmodule:: dwave.optimization.model
```

Currently the side navigation won't be helpful to new users:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/00ab7a78-8dc2-4278-8922-c06edb094e34)

Author: I don't love `Inherited`. What about `Base Symbols`?

Reviewer: Could that be "Base Classes" instead? "Base symbols" might be mistaken as a different flavor of symbols (talk about saturation of a word)

Author: ```suggestion
Base Classes
============

.. currentmodule:: dwave.optimization.model
```

    ~ArraySymbol.state_size
    ~ArraySymbol.strides

.. _symbols_model_symbols:

Model Symbols
=============

Each operation, decision, constant, mathematical function, and

> flow control is modeled using a symbol. The following is the list
> of symbols available for modelling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
flow control is modeled using a symbol. The following symbols
are available for modelling.
```

no longer has a list
